more than 100 motorcycle racers from 25 countries
and all this is not somewhere but in Ivanovo
areas
hard to believe but true
last weekend in hemorye mountain passed
eleventh stage of the world championship
motocross
if on saturday private traders had to
ride in the pouring rain then
Sunday weather was not favorable
final competitions held grandson
mx2 classes for motorcycles with little
engine capacity and the most spectacular mx1
by saw water qualifying italian
antonyu what role or super tony how
his name was in his homeland it was not easy
times very difficult and strong rivals
plus there were a few mistakes on
start but still I did it and I
glad i kept this racing victory
trails Italian was pleased as
organizing the championship as a whole un in
this sense knows after all won
champion title already three years in a row
organize an event of this level
without hitches almost impossible but
his Russian authorities it turned out we
worked with the federation
we worked primarily with our
the main partner and sponsor we worked
with the wife’s komentent in Russian
federations because all these
motorcycles temporarily hand out about live need
from the test every athlete comes with
his technique
it's impossible to perform on a technique
which they don't know
we certainly had a job very seriously
and this is now just such a holiday at 3
of the day
but on the other hand we understand that these
the efforts failed and the point was not even
that motocross is one of the most spectacular
sports
just such events here raise
prestige of the region and not only
Russian and world level of course
I would not want our
formed only from TV presenters
channels that now work for us
it is as though our region is positioning but
so let's say ambiguous form now
we can talk about what championship
peace of the world is indeed our definite
brand and we will carry out the spin on
world championships
which means Ivanova has a new one
the brand is now not only the birthplace
first council city of brides
or whether a province Donated country
mental light chicken well and center
technical sports
natalia romanova andrey force burkov art
you him on